README.md, before:

# tomography_preprocessing

[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/tomography_preprocessing.svg?color=green)](https://github.com/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/raw/main/LICENSE)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/tomography_preprocessing.svg?color=green)](https://pypi.org/project/tomography_preprocessing)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/tomography_preprocessing.svg?color=green)](https://python.org)
[![CI](https://github.com/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing)

A cryo-ET tilt-series data preprocessing workflow for RELION 4.0

# Installation
In a virtual environment

```sh
git clone https://github.com/alisterburt/tomo_preprocessing.git
cd tomo_preprocessing
pip install -e .
```

# Programs

| Job Type  | Program |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Import  | `relion_tomo_import SerialEM`  |
| Tilt-series alignment  | `relion_tomo_align_tilt_series IMOD:fiducials`  |
| Tilt-series alignment  | `relion_tomo_align_tilt_series IMOD:patch-tracking`  |
| Tilt-series alignment   | `relion_tomo_align_tilt_series AreTomo`  |

A helptext can be found for each program with

```shell
<program_name> --help
```

Commit message:

Denoising (#48)
* Setting up dir structure

* testing

* test

* Working structure;

* Denoising progress

* Working version of split tilt series

* removed care4relion placeholder

* Removed split_tilt_series

* First working generation of config json

* Mostly working version of first step of cryoCARE, need to build an environment which has both tomo_pp and cryocare

* Fully working version, MPI CryoCARE

* Rename function and update README

* Cleaning

* Added instructions to care4relion

* final commit, seperate odd/even dirs are not required, but not having them may cause tomogram naming issues (easily resolved)

* Renames predicted tomograms from rlnTomoName_even.mrc to rlnTomoName.mrc

* Added functionality: user can specify pre trained model so they can skip the training steps

* Removed magic strings and small readme fix

* Minor readme

* Fully working version

* Allow users to specify n_tiles as can be a source of errors

* small naming fix

* Small PR requests

* Major refactor

* Forgot to change EVEN_SUFFIX to _half1

* Added console.log to say training model is done

* Removed erroneous additional arg to function

* Stopped the generation of a tomograms directory if a training job as no tomograms are produced in this step

* Allow users to specify number of subvolumes to train on, and subvolume size

* Fixed bug in console log

* Reverted debugging change

* Actually stop training making tomograms directory

* Update tomography_preprocessing/denoising/cryoCARE/cryoCARE_predict.py

* lowercased even_suffix

Co-authored-by: alisterburt <alisterburt@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# tomography_preprocessing

[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/tomography_preprocessing.svg?color=green)](https://github.com/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/raw/main/LICENSE)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/tomography_preprocessing.svg?color=green)](https://pypi.org/project/tomography_preprocessing)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/tomography_preprocessing.svg?color=green)](https://python.org)
[![CI](https://github.com/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/alisterburt/tomography_preprocessing)

A cryo-ET tilt-series data preprocessing workflow for RELION 4.1

# Installation
In a virtual environment

```sh
git clone https://github.com/alisterburt/tomo_preprocessing.git
cd tomo_preprocessing
pip install -e .
```

# Programs

| Job Type  | Program |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Import  | `relion_tomo_import SerialEM`  |
| Tilt-series alignment  | `relion_tomo_align_tilt_series IMOD:fiducials`  |
| Tilt-series alignment  | `relion_tomo_align_tilt_series IMOD:patch-tracking`  |
| Tilt-series alignment   | `relion_tomo_align_tilt_series AreTomo`  |
| Denoising (cryoCARE)   | `relion_tomo_denoise`  |

For CryoCARE denoising, please install this version: https://github.com/EuanPyle/cryoCARE_mpido

A helptext can be found for each program with

```shell
<program_name> --help
```
